README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53a09bd1-c8ac-43c0-80ae-03ba284c94ad" width="150" style="margin-bottom: 0.2;"/>
<p>

<h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.17243">
Breaking the Memory Barrier: Near Infinite Batch Size Scaling for Contrastive Loss</a></h3>
<h5 align="center"> If our project helps you, please give us a star ⭐ on GitHub to support us. 🙏🙏 </h2>

<h5 align="center">

[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2410.17243-AD1C18.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.17243)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPI-Inf--CL-9C276A.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/inf-cl) <br>
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-yellow)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FDAMO-NLP-SG%2FInf-CLIP&count_bg=%2379C83D&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=hits&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP?color=critical&label=Issues)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP?color=success&label=Issues)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)  <br>
[![zhihu](https://img.shields.io/badge/-知乎-000000?logo=zhihu&logoColor=0084FF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/1681887214)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter@lixin4ever-black?logo=twitter&logoColor=1D9BF0)](https://x.com/lixin4ever/status/1849669129613226457) <br>

</h5>

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c19838b-43d8-4145-b28c-903f3d76f8ab" width="800" /></div>

<details open><summary>💡 Some other multimodal foundation model projects from our team may interest you ✨. </summary><p>
<!--  may -->

> [**Video-LLaMA: An Instruction-tuned Audio-Visual Language Model for Video Understanding**](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA) <br>
> Hang Zhang, Xin Li, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA) [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2306.02858-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.02858) <br>

> [**VCD: Mitigating Object Hallucinations in Large Vision-Language Models through Visual Contrastive Decoding**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16922) <br>
> Sicong Leng, Hang Zhang, Guanzheng Chen, Xin Li, Shijian Lu, Chunyan Miao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD)  [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2311.16922-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16922) <br>

> [**VideoLLaMA 2: Advancing Spatial-Temporal Modeling and Audio Understanding in Video-LLMs**](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2) <br>
> Zesen Cheng, Sicong Leng, Hang Zhang, Yifei Xin, Xin Li, Guanzheng Chen, Yongxin Zhu, Wenqi Zhang, Ziyang Luo, Deli Zhao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2) [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2406.07476-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.07476) <br>

> [**The Curse of Multi-Modalities: Evaluating Hallucinations of Large Multimodal Models across Language, Visual, and Audio**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787) <br>
> Sicong Leng, Yun Xing, Zesen Cheng, Yang Zhou, Hang Zhang, Xin Li, Deli Zhao, Shijian Lu, Chunyan Miao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM)  [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2410.12787-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787) <br>

</p></details>

## 📰 News
* **[2024.10.18]**  Release training, evaluation codes of Inf-CLIP.

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11c5cc32-aac2-497d-bbc1-33e065a71be0" width="800" /></div>

## 🛠️ Requirements and Installation

Basic Dependencies:
* Python >= 3.8
* Pytorch >= 2.0.0
* CUDA Version >= 11.8

[Remote] Install Inf-CL:
```bash
# remote installing
pip install inf_cl -i https://pypi.org/simple
```

[Local] Install Inf-CL:
```bash
pip install -e .
```

Install required packages:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP
cd Inf-CLIP
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## ⭐ Features

`inf_cl` is the triton implementation of Inf-CL loss:
* [x] [Ring-CL (inf_cl/ring.py#L238)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip/models/ops/ring.py#L238)
* [x] [Inf-CL  (inf_cl/ring.py#L251)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip/models/ops/ring.py#L251)

`inf_clip` is the CLIP training codebase with Inf-CL loss and other training features:
- [x] [Gradient Accumulation (inf_clip/train/train.py#L180)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/inf_clip_train/train.py#L180)
- [x] [Gradient Cache (inf_clip/train/train.py#L292)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip_train/train.py#L292)


## 🔑 Usage

A simple example about how to adopt our Inf-CL loss for contrastive learning. Using such command for attempting:
```
torchrun --nproc_per_node 2 tests/example.py
```

```python
import torch
import torch.nn.functional as F
import torch.distributed as dist
import numpy as np

from inf_cl import cal_inf_loss


def create_cl_tensors(rank, world_size):
    # Parameters
    dtype = torch.float32
    num_heads = 3        # Number of attention heads
    seq_length_q = 32768 # Sequence length
    seq_length_k = 32768
    d_model = 256        # Dimension of each head (must be 16, 32, 64, or 128)

    # Randomly initialize inputs
    q = torch.rand((seq_length_q // world_size, num_heads * d_model), dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}")
    k = torch.rand((seq_length_k // world_size, num_heads * d_model), dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}")
    l = torch.ones([], dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}") * np.log(1 / 0.07)

    q = F.normalize(q, p=2, dim=-1).requires_grad_() # Query
    k = F.normalize(k, p=2, dim=-1).requires_grad_() # Key
    l = l.requires_grad_() # Logit scale

    return q, k, l


if __name__ == "__main__":
    # Assume that the distributed environment has been initialized
    dist.init_process_group("nccl")

    rank = dist.get_rank()
    world_size = dist.get_world_size()

    torch.cuda.set_device(rank)

    # Exampled by Image-Text Contrastive Learning, q is the global image features, 
    # k is the text features, and l is the logit scale.
    q, k, l = create_cl_tensors(rank, world_size)

    # labels are diagonal elements by default. 
    # labels = torch.arange(q.shape[0])
    loss = cal_inf_loss(q, k, scale=l.exp())

    print(loss)

```

## 🚀 Main Results

### Memory Cost
<p><img src="assets/memory_cost.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

\* denotes adopting "data offload" strategy. 

### Max Supported Batch Size
<p><img src="assets/max_batch_size.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

### Speed
<p><img src="assets/speed.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

### Batch Size Scaling
<p><img src="assets/batch_size_scaling.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

Training with larger data scale needs larger batch size.

## 🗝️ Training & Evaluation

### Quick Start

To facilitate further development on top of our codebase, we provide a quick-start guide on how to use Inf-CLIP to train a customized CLIP and evaluate the trained model on the mainstream clip benchmarks.

1. Training Data Structure:
```bash
Inf-CLIP
├── datasets
│   ├── cc3m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/cc3m.md
|   |   ├── 0000.tar
|   |   ├── 0001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 0301.tar
│   ├── cc12m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/cc12m.md
|   |   ├── 0000.tar
|   |   ├── 0001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 1044.tar
│   ├── laion400m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/laion400m.md
|   |   ├── 00000.tar
|   |   ├── 00001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 41407.tar
```
2. Command:
```bash
bash scripts/cc3m/lit_vit-b-32_bs16k.sh
bash scripts/cc12m/lit_vit-b-32_bs32k.sh
bash scripts/laion400m/lit_vit-b-32_bs256k.sh
```
3. Evaluation Data Structure:
```bash
Inf-CLIP
├── datasets
│   ├── imagenet-1k/ # download val_images.tar.gz of imagenet
|   |   └── val/
|   |   |   ├── n01440764
|   |   |   ├── n01443537
|   |   |   ├── ...
|   |   |   └── n15075141
│   ├── clip-benchmark/ # bash datasets/benchmarks_download.sh
|   |   ├── wds_mscoco_captions
|   |   ├── wds_flickr8k
|   |   ├── wds_flickr30k
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet1k
|   |   ├── wds_imagenetv2
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet_sketch
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-a
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-r
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-o
|   |   └── wds_objectnet
```
4. Command:
```bash
# imagenet evaluation
bash scripts/imagenet_eval.sh
# overall evaluation
bash scripts/benchmarks_eval.sh
```

## 📑 Citation

If you find Inf-CLIP useful for your research and applications, please cite using this BibTeX:
```bibtex
@article{damovl2024infcl,
  title={Breaking the Memory Barrier: Near Infinite Batch Size Scaling for Contrastive Loss},
  author={Zesen Cheng, Hang Zhang, Kehan Li, Sicong Leng, Zhiqiang Hu, Fei Wu, Deli Zhao, Xin Li, Lidong Bing},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2410.17243},
  year={2024},
  url={https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787}
}
```

## 👍 Acknowledgement
The codebase of Inf-CLIP is adapted from [**OpenCLIP**](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip). We are also grateful for the following projects our Inf-CL arise from:
* [**OpenAI CLIP**](https://openai.com/index/clip/), [**img2dataset**](https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset), [**CLIP-Benchmark**](https://github.com/LAION-AI/CLIP_benchmark).
* [**FlashAttention**](https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention), [**RingAttention**](https://github.com/haoliuhl/ringattention), [**RingFlashAttention**](https://github.com/zhuzilin/ring-flash-attention). 


## 🔒 License

This project is released under the Apache 2.0 license as found in the LICENSE file.
The service is a research preview intended for **non-commercial use ONLY**, subject to the model Licenses of CLIP, Terms of Use of the data generated by OpenAI, and Laion. Please get in touch with us if you find any potential violations.

Commit message:

Add Inf-CLIP GmP info

README.md, after:

## This fork implements Geometric Parametrization for Inf-CLIP
- Early work in progress
- Experimental and untested modification of Inf-CLIP (I don't have access to distributed multi-GPU instances).
- May or may not produce the excellent results seen with my normal [zer0int/CLIP-fine-tune](https://github.com/zer0int/CLIP-fine-tune).
----
To use:
1. Load an OpenAI CLIP model, convert to Geometric Parametrization (GmP), save - with:
- `convert-openai-clip-to-gmp.py`
2. Run CLIP training with args (for example):
- `--pretrained ViT-L-14-GmP.pt --model ViT-L-14`

-------
### Original README.md below
--------
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53a09bd1-c8ac-43c0-80ae-03ba284c94ad" width="150" style="margin-bottom: 0.2;"/>
<p>

<h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.17243">
Breaking the Memory Barrier: Near Infinite Batch Size Scaling for Contrastive Loss</a></h3>
<h5 align="center"> If our project helps you, please give us a star ⭐ on GitHub to support us. 🙏🙏 </h2>

<h5 align="center">

[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2410.17243-AD1C18.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.17243)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPI-Inf--CL-9C276A.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/inf-cl) <br>
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-yellow)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FDAMO-NLP-SG%2FInf-CLIP&count_bg=%2379C83D&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=hits&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP?color=critical&label=Issues)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP?color=success&label=Issues)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)  <br>
[![zhihu](https://img.shields.io/badge/-知乎-000000?logo=zhihu&logoColor=0084FF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/1681887214)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter@lixin4ever-black?logo=twitter&logoColor=1D9BF0)](https://x.com/lixin4ever/status/1849669129613226457) <br>

</h5>

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c19838b-43d8-4145-b28c-903f3d76f8ab" width="800" /></div>

<details open><summary>💡 Some other multimodal foundation model projects from our team may interest you ✨. </summary><p>
<!--  may -->

> [**Video-LLaMA: An Instruction-tuned Audio-Visual Language Model for Video Understanding**](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA) <br>
> Hang Zhang, Xin Li, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Video-LLaMA) [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2306.02858-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.02858) <br>

> [**VCD: Mitigating Object Hallucinations in Large Vision-Language Models through Visual Contrastive Decoding**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16922) <br>
> Sicong Leng, Hang Zhang, Guanzheng Chen, Xin Li, Shijian Lu, Chunyan Miao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VCD)  [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2311.16922-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16922) <br>

> [**VideoLLaMA 2: Advancing Spatial-Temporal Modeling and Audio Understanding in Video-LLMs**](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2) <br>
> Zesen Cheng, Sicong Leng, Hang Zhang, Yifei Xin, Xin Li, Guanzheng Chen, Yongxin Zhu, Wenqi Zhang, Ziyang Luo, Deli Zhao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/VideoLLaMA2) [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2406.07476-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.07476) <br>

> [**The Curse of Multi-Modalities: Evaluating Hallucinations of Large Multimodal Models across Language, Visual, and Audio**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787) <br>
> Sicong Leng, Yun Xing, Zesen Cheng, Yang Zhou, Hang Zhang, Xin Li, Deli Zhao, Shijian Lu, Chunyan Miao, Lidong Bing <br>
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM)  [![github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/CMM)  [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arxiv-2410.12787-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787) <br>

</p></details>

## 📰 News
* **[2024.10.18]**  Release training, evaluation codes of Inf-CLIP.

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11c5cc32-aac2-497d-bbc1-33e065a71be0" width="800" /></div>

## 🛠️ Requirements and Installation

Basic Dependencies:
* Python >= 3.8
* Pytorch >= 2.0.0
* CUDA Version >= 11.8

[Remote] Install Inf-CL:
```bash
# remote installing
pip install inf_cl -i https://pypi.org/simple
```

[Local] Install Inf-CL:
```bash
pip install -e .
```

Install required packages:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP
cd Inf-CLIP
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## ⭐ Features

`inf_cl` is the triton implementation of Inf-CL loss:
* [x] [Ring-CL (inf_cl/ring.py#L238)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip/models/ops/ring.py#L238)
* [x] [Inf-CL  (inf_cl/ring.py#L251)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip/models/ops/ring.py#L251)

`inf_clip` is the CLIP training codebase with Inf-CL loss and other training features:
- [x] [Gradient Accumulation (inf_clip/train/train.py#L180)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/inf_clip_train/train.py#L180)
- [x] [Gradient Cache (inf_clip/train/train.py#L292)](https://github.com/DAMO-NLP-SG/Inf-CLIP/blob/main/inf_clip_train/train.py#L292)


## 🔑 Usage

A simple example about how to adopt our Inf-CL loss for contrastive learning. Using such command for attempting:
```
torchrun --nproc_per_node 2 tests/example.py
```

```python
import torch
import torch.nn.functional as F
import torch.distributed as dist
import numpy as np

from inf_cl import cal_inf_loss


def create_cl_tensors(rank, world_size):
    # Parameters
    dtype = torch.float32
    num_heads = 3        # Number of attention heads
    seq_length_q = 32768 # Sequence length
    seq_length_k = 32768
    d_model = 256        # Dimension of each head (must be 16, 32, 64, or 128)

    # Randomly initialize inputs
    q = torch.rand((seq_length_q // world_size, num_heads * d_model), dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}")
    k = torch.rand((seq_length_k // world_size, num_heads * d_model), dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}")
    l = torch.ones([], dtype=dtype, device=f"cuda:{rank}") * np.log(1 / 0.07)

    q = F.normalize(q, p=2, dim=-1).requires_grad_() # Query
    k = F.normalize(k, p=2, dim=-1).requires_grad_() # Key
    l = l.requires_grad_() # Logit scale

    return q, k, l


if __name__ == "__main__":
    # Assume that the distributed environment has been initialized
    dist.init_process_group("nccl")

    rank = dist.get_rank()
    world_size = dist.get_world_size()

    torch.cuda.set_device(rank)

    # Exampled by Image-Text Contrastive Learning, q is the global image features, 
    # k is the text features, and l is the logit scale.
    q, k, l = create_cl_tensors(rank, world_size)

    # labels are diagonal elements by default. 
    # labels = torch.arange(q.shape[0])
    loss = cal_inf_loss(q, k, scale=l.exp())

    print(loss)

```

## 🚀 Main Results

### Memory Cost
<p><img src="assets/memory_cost.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

\* denotes adopting "data offload" strategy. 

### Max Supported Batch Size
<p><img src="assets/max_batch_size.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

### Speed
<p><img src="assets/speed.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

### Batch Size Scaling
<p><img src="assets/batch_size_scaling.jpg" width="800" "/></p>

Training with larger data scale needs larger batch size.

## 🗝️ Training & Evaluation

### Quick Start

To facilitate further development on top of our codebase, we provide a quick-start guide on how to use Inf-CLIP to train a customized CLIP and evaluate the trained model on the mainstream clip benchmarks.

1. Training Data Structure:
```bash
Inf-CLIP
├── datasets
│   ├── cc3m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/cc3m.md
|   |   ├── 0000.tar
|   |   ├── 0001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 0301.tar
│   ├── cc12m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/cc12m.md
|   |   ├── 0000.tar
|   |   ├── 0001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 1044.tar
│   ├── laion400m/ # https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset/blob/main/dataset_examples/laion400m.md
|   |   ├── 00000.tar
|   |   ├── 00001.tar
|   |   ├── ...
|   |   └── 41407.tar
```
2. Command:
```bash
bash scripts/cc3m/lit_vit-b-32_bs16k.sh
bash scripts/cc12m/lit_vit-b-32_bs32k.sh
bash scripts/laion400m/lit_vit-b-32_bs256k.sh
```
3. Evaluation Data Structure:
```bash
Inf-CLIP
├── datasets
│   ├── imagenet-1k/ # download val_images.tar.gz of imagenet
|   |   └── val/
|   |   |   ├── n01440764
|   |   |   ├── n01443537
|   |   |   ├── ...
|   |   |   └── n15075141
│   ├── clip-benchmark/ # bash datasets/benchmarks_download.sh
|   |   ├── wds_mscoco_captions
|   |   ├── wds_flickr8k
|   |   ├── wds_flickr30k
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet1k
|   |   ├── wds_imagenetv2
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet_sketch
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-a
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-r
|   |   ├── wds_imagenet-o
|   |   └── wds_objectnet
```
4. Command:
```bash
# imagenet evaluation
bash scripts/imagenet_eval.sh
# overall evaluation
bash scripts/benchmarks_eval.sh
```

## 📑 Citation

If you find Inf-CLIP useful for your research and applications, please cite using this BibTeX:
```bibtex
@article{damovl2024infcl,
  title={Breaking the Memory Barrier: Near Infinite Batch Size Scaling for Contrastive Loss},
  author={Zesen Cheng, Hang Zhang, Kehan Li, Sicong Leng, Zhiqiang Hu, Fei Wu, Deli Zhao, Xin Li, Lidong Bing},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2410.17243},
  year={2024},
  url={https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.12787}
}
```

## 👍 Acknowledgement
The codebase of Inf-CLIP is adapted from [**OpenCLIP**](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip). We are also grateful for the following projects our Inf-CL arise from:
* [**OpenAI CLIP**](https://openai.com/index/clip/), [**img2dataset**](https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset), [**CLIP-Benchmark**](https://github.com/LAION-AI/CLIP_benchmark).
* [**FlashAttention**](https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention), [**RingAttention**](https://github.com/haoliuhl/ringattention), [**RingFlashAttention**](https://github.com/zhuzilin/ring-flash-attention). 


## 🔒 License

This project is released under the Apache 2.0 license as found in the LICENSE file.
The service is a research preview intended for **non-commercial use ONLY**, subject to the model Licenses of CLIP, Terms of Use of the data generated by OpenAI, and Laion. Please get in touch with us if you find any potential violations.
